Kyper Kuutio: Phobos Lab X-26 Incidents

Map: RNG
Special Textures like titles and stuff: RNG
"Music": RNG
Model hacks: RNG
Betatest: Keen/Cryokeen, Lemonsoda, Poka, Sence, Streamfox, cSMG, Turrican, Cocyx The Skeleton, Rodifan

Version 2. Sven 4.5 Official. Re-release 18.3.2018

- Remastered original "music"
- Ripented maps: changing numerous special textures and other fixes and tweaks
while preserving as much of 'original' content
- Newer kyper_assistant model
- Re-arranged content

Original release: September 2, 2010

This sure as hell aint the fucking shit "final" version.


THIS MAP REQUIRES ATLEAST 2 PLAYERS

STORY AND HINTS (The original, and excessively dumb story)

2040

Phobos, Lab X-26 D

Your special scientist team has received information of some nuklear accident happening in main Deimos station.
Kypervortigaunts analyzed the base and there was portal opened to Lab X-26 Phobos, X-26 has then evacuated after
huge battle with incoming mysterious zombifications and psi-emissioned security staff.

There is only one weapon to shut down the malfunctioned portal system: The Kyperior Cube.
It is a indestructible, harshly black and white, big but lightweight mechanic cube which can open security locked doors,
with its color symbol their locks. It can also take control of the whole main Phobos and Deimos base,
when input in portal security locks. Also your later gonna have a Kyper Assistant helping your mission, "Kyper Assistant"
is a Biogenetic android species which mostly live in Phobos and Deimos labs and are originated from Xen.
They can telepathically open doors and activate systems where the Cube doesnt work.

Your team is armed with high-class heavyweaponry and sent to Lab X-26.

Small hints:

-Hold your USE key to to lift the cube, this is a new but rarely noticed 4.0 addition which allows you to lift the box up and also throw it.

-Cube and Kyper Assistant has to be escorted within all the time when moving forward to new places,
dont forget them.

-When you have to use your mace to break something special, the mace is your crowbar

-Flash the cube to everything which has a black & white checkers same as the cube has

-You may find the Kypercrossbow, it can kill mostly anything with one shot

-Other highly deadly weapon is the Experimental Mininuke, use it with caution or you easily kill yourself


