Welcome to The Water Works
By Adam Reece

Last Updated: 12th December 2008
Version: Beta

A lot of work goes in to producing a map and it's content. Please do not steal content from this
map without permission from the original creator. If you ask nicely we normally say yes :)


.: Description & Objectives :.

Xen aliens that escaped from the Black Mesa disaster have taken over a public sewer system and
poisoned the treated water going back out to the public, killing anyone who drinks public water.

Your squad was sent in to stop this happening. However when your team went down what was the only
unguarded enterance left to stop the Xen, you all ended up trapped in a small maintenance room below
the car park. The Xen has become aware of your presence and is ready to stop you terminating their
plans.

You must reach the treatment centre and stop the Xen aliens from poisoning the fresh water any
further then escape the sewer system. Be prepared for a rough getaway!

Top tip: If you find breakables aren't breaking try using explosives to destroy them instead.
Explosives are only found in 3 rooms through the whole map so look around.


.: Credits :.

Map created by Adam Reece.
http://www.reece-eu.net

"LM City" sky map by Der Kommissar at Crinity.
http://crinity.planethalflife.gamespy.com/

BMT for giving me the idea to use sprites above key objectives, and many other ideas for
improvement. Go play his new incoming map! :D


.: Testers :.

Ultra mega super thanks to all the Sven Co-op 4 team for letting me test my map on the 4.0 alpha
and beta code through our SVN repository. Thanks to those of you who tested the map for me too.
http://www.steamcommunity.com/groups/SvenCoop -- #SvenCoOp at GameSurge.


.: Thanks :.

Thank you for downloading and playing this map, I hope you enjoy playing this map as much as I did
creating it.

Thanks to all the members and staff at Multiplay's Sven Co-op community for supporting this map.
http://sc.multiplay.co.uk/ -- #mpuksc at QuakeNet.

Adam Reece [adam@reece.myzen.co.uk]